# Half-Life-Fan-Site
(Check out the announcements in the "Discussions" tab for more information!) Hello and welcome to the UNOFFICIAL (obviously) Half-Life website, made by just a fan! This is the place where Half-Life fans can unite. And if you'll alow it, I'd like to tell you about how I fell in love with Valve's 1998 FPS. It was the summer of 2024. I had just watched the Kelski video on how "Half-Life has more life than modern games." (Couldn't agree more.) And although I woud love to say I discovered Half-Life on my own, I didn't. But the good news is: the first time I was introduced to Half-Life, it was being glazed. Meaning: the first thing I was told about Half-Life was how good it was. It was a pretty good introduction, and I'm proud of the opinion it formed. From that point on, I would bother my friends about it until they played it, and I would inform my parents autistically until they got the idea. I made it a part of my life, and I love it to death. I hope you do, too, because these files are full of Half-Life goodness. And if my name sounds familiar (which it probably doesn't), I am the homie that made CM, my favorite musical artists are Dean, Frank, Nat, and Tyler, I also love the QUAKE series, I like chess (but I'm not good at it), and I like coding (not good at that, either). But no matter what I "like" or "create," Half-Life is my true #1 passion. And I will do ANYTHING to make sure that information is spread. Including annoying my friends and family about it. Whatever. Enjoy the experience, or the files, or the "assignment." Whatever you came here to do! Yours truly, BMJ.
